---
layout: page
title: About
no_title: true
subtitle: >-
  The collective that oppose the company Drax. We are direct action
  groups, local campaigns and individuals.
permalink: /about/
---

# Decentralised

Anyone can take action against Drax. We have no leaders. You don't need
to ask permission.

That being said, if you want help with an action or other plan then send
an email to [axedrax@pm.me](mailto:axedrax@pm.me) and someone will try
and link you up to other people.

---

# Action Focused

We plan and do actions. We protest. We make noise. We get embarrassed.
And when we must, we disrupt.

You don't have to physically take part in any action, and you definitely
don't have to do anything illegal unless you want to. There are always
thing to do, plan, organise that will need people. We are going up
against the climate policy of a company that literally has staff on the
"independent" Committee on Climate Change. It is going to take work.

---

# Power to the people

It is important we appreciated Drax as part of a larger, failing,
system. The fact that Drax can get away with unmeasured pollution and
dangerous "green energy" is testament to the failure of the current
political system. We must move to a world where people are in control,
not big businesses like Drax.

If an informed, legally binding, citizen's assembly were to decide where
government money goes we would not be in this mess. We must fight for
it.

The future of this country is community based, moving away from a
privatised and centralised energy system to one that works for everyone.
Thinking globally, and acting locally.

---

## More established groups

There is an amazing campaign running at the moment about biomass and the
UK Gov's genocidal climate policy called [Cut Carbon Not
Forests](https://www.cutcarbonnotforests.org) that is doing great work.
[Biofuelwatch](https://biofuelwatch.org.uk) have been campaigning around
this for years, and should be referred to if there are ever in need of
information about biomass and bioenergy.
